docs: FPS Meter (#44)
NativeScript/docs: content/guide/core/fps-meter.md

---
title: FPS Meter
---

> This module allows you capture the frames-per-second metrics of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FPS Meter allows you capture the frames-per-second metrics of your application.
```

## Using FPS Meter

> ### Measuring the fps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Measuring FPS
```

> To use the module, first register a callback that will receive the FPS metrics using the [addCallBack](#addcallback) method. Then, call the [start](#start) method to start measuring the fps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register a callback that will receive the FPS metrics using the [addCallBack](#addcallback) method. Then call the [start](#start) method to begin measuring.
```

```ts
import {
  removeCallback,
  start,
  stop,
  addCallback,
  running
} from '@nativescript/core/fps-meter'

let callbackId: number;

export function startFPSMeter(args: EventData) {

  callbackId = addCallback((fps: number, minFps: number | undefined) => {

    console.log(`Frames per seconds: ${fps.toFixed(2)}`)

    console.log(minFps?.toFixed(2))
  })
  
  start()
  console.log('Is running: ', running())
}
```

> ### Stop measuring fps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stop measuring FPS
```

> To stop measuring the fps, remove the registered callback using its id and then call the module's [stop](#stop) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the registered callback using its id and then call the [stop](#stop) method.
```

```ts
export function stopFPSMeter(args: EventData) {

  removeCallback(callbackId)

  stop()
}
```

## FPS Meter API

### addCallback

```ts
const callbackId = addCallback(callback: (fps: number, minFps?: number) => void): number
```

> Adds a callback function to be called each time FPS data is ready. The a unique `number` id which can be used to remove this callback later.

Reviewer 2: Implement a callback function that will be executed whenever FPS data becomes available. Assign a unique numerical identifier (`number`) to this callback, facilitating its future removal, if required.

> Adds a callback function to be called each time FPS data is ready. The a unique `number` id which can be used to remove this callback later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement a callback function that will be executed whenever FPS data becomes available. Assign a unique identifier (`number`) to this callback, facilitating its future removal, if needed.
```
